Thomas the Tank Engine has worked his
branchline for many years and knows it
very well you know just where to stop
Thomas laughed his driver who could
almost manage it without me
Thomas had become conceited he didn't
realize his driver was joking
later he boasted to the others driver
says I don't need him now he told the
others don't be so daft snorted Percy
I'd never go without my driver said Toby
earnestly I'd be frightened huh boasted
Thomas I'm not scared
you'd never dare I would then you'll see
the next morning the fire lighter came
Thomas growls comfortably as the warmth
been through his boiler Percy and Toby
was still asleep
Thomas suddenly remembered silly
stick-in-the-muds he chuckled I'll show
them driver said I could manage without
him I'll just go out then I'll stop and
wheesh that will make them jump Thomas
thought he was being clever really it
was only moving because of careless
cleaner have meddled with his control mm
mistake he tried to weed but he couldn't
he tried to stop but he couldn't he just
kept rolling along didn't dare look at
what was coming next
there was the stationmaster's house the
stationmaster was about to have
breakfast horrors fight Thomas and shut
his eyes
the house rock broken glass tinkle
plaster was everywhere Thomas had
selected a bush on his travels he peered
into the room through its leaves he
couldn't speak the stationmaster was
furious his wife picked up her plate
you miserable engine she stolen just
look what you've done to our breakfast
now I shall have to cook some more
banging the door more faster fell this
time it fell on Thomas Thomas felt
depressed workmen propped up the house
with strong poles and laid rails through
the God then the Scottish twin engines
Donald and Douglas arrived then it fash
yerself Thomas will soon have you back
on the rails they laugh
puffing hard manage the whole Thomas
back to safety
bits of fencing the bush and a broken
window frame force tuned his front which
was badly twisted the twins laughed and
left him Thomas
being disgrace there was worse to come
you're in a lot of trouble Thomas I know
sir
I'm sorry sir Thomas's voice was muffled
behind his bush you must go to the works
and have your front mended it will be a
long job yes sir meanwhile a diesel
railcar will do your way I did the
diesel Sir Thomas fluttered yes Thomas
Diesel's always stay in their sheds til
they are wanted Diesel's never galavant
off to breakfast in station masters
houses
you